feat: --allow-commands restricts available atlantis commands (#2877)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/using-atlantis.md

Runs `terraform import` that matches the directory/project/workspace.
This command discards the terraform plan result. After an import and before an apply, another `atlantis plan` must be run again.

> Activate `import` command requires [--allow-commands](/docs/server-configuration.html#allow-commands) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow the `import` command requires [--allow-commands](/docs/server-configuration.html#allow-commands) configuration.
```

See also [policy checking](/docs/policy-checking.html).

> Activate `approve_policies` command requires [--allow-commands](/docs/server-configuration.html#allow-commands) configuration.

Reviewer 2: This has been a default for a while so we should keep it as a default

> Activate `approve_policies` command requires [--allow-commands](/docs/server-configuration.html#allow-commands) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow  `approve_policies` command requires [--allow-commands](/docs/server-configuration.html#allow-commands) configuration.
```
